README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/9rjfsSfCoglGlZI5xGo684RSQjgC_hOGse1VZXN6l_7ztH0zq-H20Je12Lf_8PLUzUR4=s180-rw" />
  <p>
    <br /><strong>Projet Notre-Dame</strong>
    <br />
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/ApplETS/Notre-Dame" style="text-decoration: none;">
        <img src="https://travis-ci.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"/>
    </a>
    <br />
  </p>
</div>

This project is the placeholder for the third version of ÉTSMobile, a mobile which application that is currently available for Android and iOS. ÉTSMobile is the main gateway between the user and the [École de technologie supérieure (ÉTS)](https://www.etsmtl.ca/) on mobile devices. ÉTSMobile is an open-source project and is developped by members of the student club [ApplETS](https://clubapplets.ca/). It offers:

* Access to evaluation grades
* Access to the student's schedules
* And many more...

_Note: This guide is also available in: [Français](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/blob/master/README.fr.md)_

## 🤖 [Android Application](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/tree/master/android)

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ca.etsmtl.applets.etsmobile.beta'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png' width=250px/></a>

* Language: [Kotlin](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/search?l=kotlin)
* Minimum SDK Version: 21
* [Architecture](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/wiki/Architecture-(EN))
  
  #### Getting started
 * Download and install the latest version of [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/)
 * Clone the project
 ```bash
git clone https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame.git
 ```
 * Open the entire project in Android Studio

## 🍎 [iOS Application](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/tree/master/ios)
* Language: [Swift](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/search?l=swift) version: 5
* Minimum SDK Version: 12.x

 #### Getting started
 * Download and install the latest version of [Xcode](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)
 * Clone the project
  ```bash
git clone https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame.git
  ```
* Navigate inside the directory to reach the Podfile
 ```bash
cd Notre-Dame/ios/ETSMobile
 ```
* Install the Cocoapods declared inside the Podfile by running the command:
 ```bash
pod install
 ```
* A .xcworkspace file will be generated. You must use this file to open the project.

 ### Build the project
 Run the following command after each modification into the shared module:
 ```bash
 gradlew packForXCode
 ```
Then you can build the application in XCode

## 🤖 / 🍎 Kotlin Multiplatform Project
The projet is migrating towards [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/multiplatform.html).

<a href="https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/wiki/Project-Architecture-(EN)" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="docs/images/architecture_multiplatform.png" width="600" />
</a>

##  🤔 Question or issue?

Check out the [FAQ](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/wiki/Beta-Test-FAQ-(FR)) (in French), open an [issue](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/issues/new/choose) or send an email to info@clubapplets.ca.

## ⚖️ License
This projet is licensed under the Apache License V2.0. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

[skip travis] Remove RxJava in favor of Coroutines Flow (#201)
* Bump some dependencies version

* Remove RxJava and make db returns a `Flow` instead of `Channel`

Since Coroutines Flow are stable and Room now supports Flow, we no longer need to make the db returns a `Flowable` (RxJava) and convert to a `Channel`.

* Fix tests

Some tests broke because we migrated to OkHttp 4

* Delete READMEs and Licence in Android module

* Delete Gradle wrapper in Android module

* Exclude 'META-INF/*.kotlin_module' in all modules

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/9rjfsSfCoglGlZI5xGo684RSQjgC_hOGse1VZXN6l_7ztH0zq-H20Je12Lf_8PLUzUR4=s180-rw" />
  <p>
    <br /><strong>Projet Notre-Dame</strong>
    <br />
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/ApplETS/Notre-Dame" style="text-decoration: none;">
        <img src="https://travis-ci.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame.svg?branch=master" alt="Build Status"/>
    </a>
    <br />
  </p>
</div>

This project is the placeholder for the third version of ÉTSMobile, a mobile which application that is currently available for Android and iOS. ÉTSMobile is the main gateway between the user and the [École de technologie supérieure (ÉTS)](https://www.etsmtl.ca/) on mobile devices. ÉTSMobile is an open-source project and is developped by members of the student club [ApplETS](https://clubapplets.ca/). It offers:

* Access to evaluation grades
* Access to the student's schedules
* And many more...

_Note: This guide is also available in: [Français](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/blob/master/README.fr.md)_

## 🤖 [Android Application](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/tree/master/android)

<a href='https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=ca.etsmtl.applets.etsmobile.beta'><img alt='Get it on Google Play' src='https://play.google.com/intl/en_us/badges/images/generic/en_badge_web_generic.png' width=250px/></a>

* Language: [Kotlin](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/search?l=kotlin)
* Minimum SDK Version: 21
* [Architecture](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/wiki/Architecture-(EN))
  
  #### Getting started
 * Download and install the latest version of [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/)
 * Clone the project
 ```bash
git clone https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame.git
 ```
 * Open the entire project in Android Studio

## 🍎 [iOS Application](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/tree/master/ios)
* Language: [Swift](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/search?l=swift) version: 5
* Minimum SDK Version: 12.x

 #### Getting started
 * Download and install the latest version of [Xcode](https://itunes.apple.com/ca/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)
 * Clone the project
  ```bash
git clone https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame.git
  ```
* Navigate inside the directory to reach the Podfile
 ```bash
cd Notre-Dame/ios/ETSMobile
 ```
* Install the Cocoapods declared inside the Podfile by running the command:
 ```bash
pod install
 ```
* A .xcworkspace file will be generated. You must use this file to open the project.

 ### Build the project
 Run the following command after each modification into the shared module:
 ```bash
 gradlew packForXCode
 ```
Then you can build the application in XCode

## 🤖 / 🍎 Kotlin Multiplatform Project
The projet is migrating towards [Kotlin Multiplatform](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/reference/multiplatform.html).

<a href="https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/wiki/Project-Architecture-(EN)" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="docs/images/architecture_multiplatform.png" width="600" />
</a>

## :shirt: [Ktlint Gradle](https://github.com/jlleitschuh/ktlint-gradle)
The project uses [Ktlint Gradle](https://github.com/jlleitschuh/ktlint-gradle), a wrapper over [ktlint](https://ktlint.github.io/). It's a linter and a formatter for Kotlin code. In order to ensure that the code is well formatted, the CI runs the following command:
```shell
$ ./gradlew ktlintCheck
```

##  🤔 Question or issue?

Check out the [FAQ](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/wiki/Beta-Test-FAQ-(FR)) (in French), open an [issue](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/issues/new/choose) or send an email to info@clubapplets.ca.

## ⚖️ License
This projet is licensed under the Apache License V2.0. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ApplETS/Notre-Dame/blob/master/LICENSE) file for more info.
